Short question: If it was your landing page, with which you would have to earn money, that would be your business. To then slide into the top 3 in the jeweller region with Google, what would you do best now? What is your thought? If it's your own website, you ask me things, next step out of their list, focus, KW, Lambo, Continental Stuttgart from three times to eight to ten times, should I? You know him, don't you? You know what to pay attention to. If you don't take it into account, it can't be anything. That's why I understand why you're constantly nagging, because you never do it right. That's why you always do it in pieces. Why don't you just build a landing page that's cool, that's perfect, that's SEO optimized, high-end SEO, lead machine, information, everything is on it, just as it has to be. All parameters are taken into account. Google relevant, it is all relevant, everything is taken into account, then we would get a website here, a landing page that has simply washed itself, where you can say the user gets the information here, what the company offers here, the services for the respective region. Google would say, all right, here's everything we need so that the user is satisfied in his region, if he looks at the page. - That's why it comes forward. All these parameters are known, you have the knowledge, but you don't use this knowledge and you keep asking stupid questions to me, who is a layman. You have the complete context, you have the complete knowledge. We are today 3000 times, you have gone through different points, what is important, what really belongs to such a landing page. Why do you always ask me questions instead of just doing it the way it has to be? Not to do it fast, do it right, do it as the standard prescribes. Just do it correctly, right, professionally, high quality, precise, exclusive, high end, SEO, high end, design, high end. Lead generation high end. It should be market dominant. on the respective you I'm going to go to the bathroom. If you could just implement that, I would be grateful.